c:\users\astex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\astex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll.config
c:\users\astex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll
c:\users\astex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.pdb
c:\users\astex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\astex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\astex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\astex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\astex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\astex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\astex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\astex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Diagnostics.Tracing.EventSource.dll
c:\users\astex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\astex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
c:\users\astex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\astex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.IO.dll
c:\users\astex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Runtime.dll
c:\users\astex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\astex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\astex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\astex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\astex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\astex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\astex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Diagnostics.Tracing.EventSource.xml
c:\users\astex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\astex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\astex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
c:\users\astex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.IO.xml
c:\users\astex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Runtime.xml
c:\users\astex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\astex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Release\WebApplication1.csproj.App.config
c:\users\astex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Release\WebApplication1.dll
c:\users\astex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Release\WebApplication1.pdb
